From the videos, you've seen
supervised learning and
unsupervised learning and
also examples of both.
For you to more deeply
understand these concepts,
I'll like to invite you
in this class to see,
learn and maybe
later write codes
yourself to implement
these concepts.
The most widely used tool
by machine learning and
data science practitioners
today is the Jupyter Notebook.
This is the default
environments that a lot of us
use to code up and experiment
and try things out.
In this class, right here
in your web browser,
you build a user Jupyter
Notebook environment
to test out some of these
ideas for yourself as well.
This is not some made up
simplified environment,
this is the exact
same environments,
the exact same tool,
the Jupyter Notebook
that developers are using in
many large countries right now.
One type of lab that
you see throughout
this class are optional labs,
which are ones you can
open and run one line at
a time with usually no need
to write any code yourself.
Optional labs are
designed to be very easy
and I can guarantee you
will get full marks,
every single one of them
because there are no marks.
All you need to do is open it up
and just run the
code we've provided.
By reading through and running
the code in the optional labs,
you see how machine
learning code runs.
You should complete
them relatively
quickly just by running it
one line at a time
from top to bottom.
Optional labs are
completely optional
so you don't have to do
them at all if you
don't want to,
but I hope you will take a look
because running through them
will give you a deeper feel,
give you a little
bit more experience
with what machine
learning algorithms,
what machine learning
code actually looks like.
Starting next week,
there'll also be
some practice labs
which would give you
an opportunity to write
some of that code
yourself but we'll get
to that next week.
Don't worry about it for
now and I hope you
just go through
the next optional lab and get
through the rest of the
content for this week.
Let's take a look at an
example of a notebook.
Here's what you see when you
go to the first optional lab.
Feel free to scroll up and
down and browse and mouseover
the different menus and take
a look at the different
options here.
You might notice that there are
two types of these blocks,
also called cells in
the notebook and there
are two types of cells.
One is what's called
a Markdown cell,
which means a bunch of tax.
Here you can actually
edit the text
if you don't like the
text that we wrote,
but this is text that
describes the code.
Then there's a
second type of block
or cell which looks like this,
which has a code cell.
Here, we've already
provided the code
and if you want to
run this code cell,
hitting Shift Enter will run
the code in this code
cell, and by the way,
if you click on a markdown cell,
so this showing all
this formatting,
go ahead and hit Shift
Enter on your keyboard as
well and that will also convert
back to this nicely
formatted text.
This optional lab shows
some common Python code,
so you can go ahead and run this
afterwards in your
own Jupyter notebook.
When you jump into this
notebook yourself,
what I'd like you
to do is select
the cells and hit Shift Enter.
Read through the code,
see if it makes sense,
try to make a prediction
about what you
think this code
would do and then
hit Shift Enter and
then see what the
code actually does,
and if you like it,
feel free to go in
and edit the code,
change the code, and then
run it and see what happens.
If you haven't played in
the Jupyter Notebook
environment for,
I hope you become
more familiar with
Python in a Jupyter Notebook.
I spend a lot of hours
playing around in
Jupyter notebooks and so I
hope you have fun with them too.
After that, I look
forward to seeing you
in the next video
where we'll take
the supervised learning
problem as start to flesh
out our first supervised
learning algorithm.
I hope that will
be fun to you and
look forward to
seeing you there.